Documentation improvements (part 1) (#950)
QuesmaOrg/quesma: docs/public/docs/config-primer.md

      listenPort: 8080
```

The supported configuration options for frontend connectors (under `config`):
* `listenPort` - port number on which the frontend connector will listen for incoming requests

> * `disableAuth` - when set to `true`, disables authentication for incoming requests (optional, defaults to false). If you use Kibana without authentication, set it to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disableAuth` - when set to `true`, disables authentication for incoming requests (optional, defaults to false). If you use Elasticsearch/Kibana without authentication, set it to `true`.
```
it's always a package deal 😉

#### Backend connectors

Backend connector has to have a `name`, `type` and `config` fields.
* `name` is a unique identifier for the connector
* `type` specifies the type of the connector.\

>   At this moment, only three backend connector types are allowed: `elasticsearch`, `clickhouse` (used for ClickHouse Cloud SaaS service), `clickhouse-os` (ClickHouse OSS) and `hydrolix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  At this moment, only three backend connector types are allowed: `elasticsearch`, `clickhouse` (used for ClickHouse Cloud SaaS service), `clickhouse-os` (self-hosted ClickHouse) and `hydrolix`.
```

>   At this moment, only three backend connector types are allowed: `elasticsearch`, `clickhouse` (used for ClickHouse Cloud SaaS service), `clickhouse-os` (self-hosted ClickHouse) and `hydrolix`.

Reviewer 2: self-hosted -> Open Source distribution

    config:
      user: "elastic"
      password: "change-me"
      url: "http://192.168.0.7:9200"
  - name: my-clickhouse-data-source
    type: clickhouse-os
    config:
      user: "username"
      password: "username-is-password"
      database: "dbname"
      url: "clickhouse://192.168.0.9:9000"
```

The supported configuration options for backend connectors (under `config`):
* `url` - connection string to the backend service in a URL format (`protocol://host:port`):
  * for Elastic/OpenSearch the expected format is `http://host:port` (Elastic/OpenSearch default port is 9200)
  * for ClickHouse/Hydrolix the expected format is `clickhouse://host:port` (ClickHouse default port is 9000, ClickHouse/Hydrolix default encrypted port is 9440). Note that Quesma supports only the ClickHouse native protocol  (`clickhouse://`) and does not support the HTTP protocol.
* `user` - username for authentication
* `password` - password for authentication 

> * `database` - name of the database to connect to (optional for ClickHouse, required for Hydrolix)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `database` - name of the database to connect to. It is optional for ClickHouse, but strictly required for Hydrolix, where it is also referred as "project".
```

> * `adminUrl` - URL for administrative operations (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `adminUrl` - URL for administrative operations to render a handy link in Quesma management UI (optional)
```

   will dual write ingest requests to `my_index` to both ElasticSearch and ClickHouse.
   Note that ElasticSearch/OpenSearch is the only supported backend for the `*` entry.
   If no targets are provided (example: `target: []`) in the configuration of an index in the ingest processor, ingest for that index will be disabled and incoming data will be dropped.
   

>    Some backend connectors have additional attributes which may be used. For example the following configuration sets `useCommonTable` for `backend-clickhouse` target:

Reviewer 3: hmm, might be confusing, these additional properties are on the processor level

Author: I'll try changing it to "targets" instead of "backend connectors" - maybe this will be better

        target:
          - backend-clickhouse:
              useCommonTable: true
   ```
   Currently only the ClickHouse backend connector supports the following attributes:
     - `useCommonTable` (optional): if enabled, Quesma will store data in a single Hydrolix/ClickHouse table named `quesma_common_table`. See [ingest documentation](/ingest.md) for more details.
     - `tableName` (optional): override the name of table in Hydrolix/ClickHouse (by default Quesma uses the same table name as the index name)
- `schemaOverrides` (optional): manual overrides of schema information for an index. Quesma infers schema for an index based on the data ingested and the schema information fetched from ClickHouse. `schemaOverrides` allows you to override this inferred schema with for some fields. For example the following configuration:
    ```yaml
      my_index:
        target: [ backend-clickhouse ]
        schemaOverrides:
          "product_name":
            type: "text"
    ```
    changes the type of `product_name` field to `text`. Note: `schemaOverrides` are currently not supported in `*` configuration.

## Optional configuration options

### Quesma licensing configuration

> In order to be able to use `hydrolix` or `clickhouse` backend connectors, one needs to supply `licenseKey` in the configuration file. Contact us at support@quesma.com if you need one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to use `hydrolix` or `clickhouse` backend connectors Quesma commercial license key needs to be supplied  in the `licenseKey` field of the configuration file. 
Contact us at support@quesma.com if you need one.
```

Author: My suggestion based on your suggestion:
```suggestion
In order to be able to use `hydrolix` or `clickhouse` backend connectors Quesma requires a commercial license key (supplied in the `licenseKey` field of the configuration file). 
Contact us at support@quesma.com if you need one.
```

   will dual write ingest requests to `my_index` to both ElasticSearch and ClickHouse.
   Note that ElasticSearch/OpenSearch is the only supported backend for the `*` entry.
   If no targets are provided (example: `target: []`) in the configuration of an index in the ingest processor, ingest for that index will be disabled and incoming data will be dropped.
   

>    Some backend connectors have additional attributes which may be used. For example the following configuration sets `useCommonTable` for `backend-clickhouse` target:

Reviewer 2: I think we should be more specific about commontable option:
1. promote to its own sub-section
2. explain when we recommend to enable this, what are pros and cons

        target:
          - backend-clickhouse:
              useCommonTable: true
   ```
   Currently only the ClickHouse backend connector supports the following attributes:
     - `useCommonTable` (optional): if enabled, Quesma will store data in a single Hydrolix/ClickHouse table named `quesma_common_table`. See [ingest documentation](/ingest.md) for more details.
     - `tableName` (optional): override the name of table in Hydrolix/ClickHouse (by default Quesma uses the same table name as the index name)
- `schemaOverrides` (optional): manual overrides of schema information for an index. Quesma infers schema for an index based on the data ingested and the schema information fetched from ClickHouse. `schemaOverrides` allows you to override this inferred schema with for some fields. For example the following configuration:
    ```yaml
      my_index:
        target: [ backend-clickhouse ]
        schemaOverrides:
          "product_name":
            type: "text"
    ```
    changes the type of `product_name` field to `text`. Note: `schemaOverrides` are currently not supported in `*` configuration.

## Optional configuration options

### Quesma licensing configuration

> In order to be able to use `hydrolix` or `clickhouse` backend connectors Quesma requires a commercial license key (supplied in the `licenseKey` field of the configuration file). 

Reviewer 2: remove "commercial"
